              VFPersonal 
              ==========

       .----------------------.
       |A remote cloud browser|
       | -=for personal use=- |
       `----------------------`

VFPersonal lets you browse the web
safely and securely without exposing
your device to malware, ransomware,
or 0-day exploits.

              Features
              ========

  - Adaptive streaming optimizes 
    latency
  - DevTools panel for remote
    access to browser DevTools 
  - Use from mobile or
    destkop with any modern browser
  - Built-in secure document viewier
  - Built-in live co-browsing and chat
    for collaboration
  - Fully-encrypted 'pixels-only',
    clientless RBI 

              Overview
              ========

VFPersonal protects your privacy by 
hiding your IP address, GPS location, 
browser, and device.

It also lets you securely view files 
like PDF, DOCX, XLSX without down-
loading them onto your device, or 
exposing you to the viruses that can
be embedded in them.

VFPersonal is your own personal VPS
running the closed-source VF Pro remote
browser. 

VFPersonal is the advanced version of 
the open-source ViewFinder remote
browser, which has been starred by more
than 1,400 people on GitHub. 

You use VFPersonal by subscribing. 
There are 5 persona tiers with a range 
of access, and machine specs.

               Tiers
               =====

    ~= Just Sampling Little Bit =~

  Machine†:
    Cores (vCPU):           1
    RAM (GB):               2
    Disk (GB):             55
    Disk Type:            SSD 
    Hours/day:             24
    Data (GB)/month:     2001

  Support:
    Email only (3 emails/month)

      >>> Price: 15 USD/month <<<
    * First month discount: $2.50 *

             Purchase
    https://buy.stripe.com/dR615g7hL0Mjeek5kx

      1st-Month Discount Code:
            FRIENDS2022 

             -* OR *-

    >>> Price: 75 USD/half-year <<<
        >>> 16.67% off <<<

         Purchase 6-months
    https://buy.stripe.com/28o6pA9pTcv16LSdR2

  ~= The Cost-conscious Worker Bee =~

  Machine†:
    Cores (vCPU):           4
    RAM (GB):               8
    Disk (GB):            160 
    Disk Type:            SSD 
    Hours/day:             24
    Data (GB)/month:     4200 

  Support:
    Email (4 emails/month)
    Phone (10 mins/month)

    >>> Price: 60 USD/month <<<
    * First month discount: $8 *

             Purchase
    https://buy.stripe.com/9AQcNYfOh2Ur5HOcN1

      1st-Month Discount Code:
           NEOTOKYO2025 

             -* OR *-

    >>> Price: 315 USD/half-year <<<
         >>> 12.5% off <<<

         Purchase 6-months
      https://buy.stripe.com/5kAeW68lP66D3zG14i    

~= Skilled Developer Wants High Spec =~

  Machine:
    Cores (vCPU):           8
    RAM (GB):              16
    Disk (GB):            250 
    Disk Type:            SSD 
    Hours/day:             24 
    Data (GB)/month:     1179 

  Support:
    No Email
    Phone (1 hour/month)

    >>> Price: 697 USD/month <<<
    * First month discount: $190 *

             Purchase
      https://buy.stripe.com/7sIg0a45z1Qnb2814e

      1st-Month Discount Code:
           SPACEJACKET12

 ~= Fast Cars Toy Boy Needs Support =~

  Machine:
    Cores (vCPU):          16
    RAM (GB):              64
    Disk (GB):           1000 
    Disk Type:            SSD 
    Hours/day:              3 
    Data (GB)/month:     6259 

  Support:
    Email (15 emails/month)
    Phone (4 hour/month)

    >>> Price: 721 USD/month <<<
    * First month discount: $32 *

             Purchase
      https://buy.stripe.com/dR6eW6cC52Ur0nu009

      1st-Month Discount Code:
             APPLE893

 ~= "We're probably reselling this" =~

  Machine:
    Cores (vCPU):           8
    RAM (GB):              16
    Disk (GB):           1000 
    Disk Type:            SSD 
    Hours/day:             24 
    Data (GB)/month:     1496 

  Support:
    Email (50 emails/month)
    Phone (5 hour/month)

    >>> Price: 1,067 USD/month <<<
    * First month discount: $137 *

             Purchase
    https://buy.stripe.com/8wM29kdG9eD92vC5kq

      1st-Month Discount Code:
              FOXXY999

                FAQ
                ===

  Q: How do I log in to my account?

A: You use the credentials I gave you 
when your machine was set up. 

                -*-

  Q: I just paid and got a confirmation 
but I haven't heard from you. What 
happens now?

A: I need to wake up and get to your 
Stripe payment email. I'm only a 
one-man-band at the moment, so I will 
get to your new subscription as fast as
I can. I'll reach out to you ASAP, and 
you and I will set up your machine.

                -*-

  Q: How long does my machine take to 
set up?

A: It's all manual right now, so I will 
contact you as soon as I get email 
confirmation of your subscription from
Stripe, and I'll set it up for you in
consultation with you from there. It
should take about an hour from when you 
and I first talk on email.

                -*-

  Q: What kind of options can I 
customize in my browser and machine?

A: I can set up a machine in a GCP 
region that's as close to you as 
possible to optimize latency. I'm also
happy to customize the theme of the
browser, but depending on complexity
I may need to take some time or 
provide you a quote.

                -*-

  Q: What kind of other features can you
build for me? 

A: I'm happy to entertain your ideas
and discuss with you about what's 
possible, but it's likely that many
features may require a lot of work that 
I would invoice you for.

                -*-

  Q: Where is your company based?

A: The Dosyago Corporation is a US
based Delaware C corporation.

                -*-

  Q: Who are you?

A: I'm Cris Stringfellow, I have a 
GitHub profile you may be interested in
looking at: 

    https://github.com/i5ik

                -*-

      >>> More questions ? <<<
      >>> DM me on Twitter <<<
        >>> @DosyagoCorp <<<
                
                -*-

'-------------------------------------'

           Legal & Other
           =============

All the bandwidth is bandwidth out of 
your server to you and to the web from
your remote browser.

†No service on Sunday.

Privacy:  
  https://dosyago.com/privacy.txt

Terms:
  https://dosyago.com/terms.txt

Security:
  https://dosyago.com/security.txt

    (C) Dosyago Corporation, 2021
